Callie is newly 20 living alone in Columbus. After highschool, her friends all drifted off to different parts of the country. She had grand ambitions of writing and painting comics. She never really aspired for college. Or, at the time the idea of further schooling was hell. Shortly after graduation, she found a small apartment near the OSU dorm area. She hated that university with all her heart, but living so close to others her age made her feel like she got the best part of the college experience without having to deal with gross touchy professors and late night essay writing. 

She found a job working at this crystals and gemstones shop run by an excentric old lady. She worked with three others, Jess, Kayla, and Brooke. Kayla and Brooke were fine to talk to, but Callie never felt a crazy strong conection with either. Jess was a complicated story. After work Callie and Jess would hike out to the Quarry park and smoke by the water fall. Callie always thought this was the best part of her day, to the point where she would feel butterflies well in her stomach as her shift would end. For the longest time, Callie thought she was developing anxiety and dependance from her heavy weed consumption. In reality, she's been crushing crazy style for Jess for the past year. Without many other friends in town, and a lack of progress on her comics and illistrations, Callie staked a lot of her worth on her place in Jess' life. Some days Callie almost connects the dots and realizes her feelings, but her level of obliviousness and denial are collasal. 

Jess is 23 living with her friend Dev. She goes to CCAD for fashion design. Jess has felt like her life path has been set since she was 12 and sewed her first patch into one of her skirts. 